[doc] Improve tutorial on exporting results (#1192)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/export_results.rst

Export images using ``ti.imwrite``
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> To save images without creating a ``ti.GUI.show(filename)``, use ``ti.imwrite(filename)``. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save images without invoking ``ti.GUI.show(filename)``, use ``ti.imwrite(filename)``. For example:
```

        ti.imwrite(pixels.to_numpy(), filename)
        print(f'The image has been saved to {filename}')

> - ``ti.imwrite`` can export both Taichi tensors ``ti.Matrix``, ``ti.Vector`` or ``ti.var`` and numpy tensors ``np.ndarray``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ``ti.imwrite`` can export Taichi tensors (``ti.Matrix``, ``ti.Vector``, ``ti.var``) and numpy tensors ``np.ndarray``.
```

- Same as above ``ti.GUI.show(filename)``, the image format (``png``, ``jpg`` and ``bmp``) is also controlled by the suffix of ``filename`` in ``ti.imwrite(filename)``.

> - Meanwhile, the resulted image type (grayscale, RGB, or RGBA) is determined by **the number of channels in the input tensor**, aka the length of the third dimension, i.e. ``tensor.shape[2]``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Meanwhile, the resulted image type (grayscale, RGB, or RGBA) is determined by **the number of channels in the input tensor**, i.e., the length of the third dimension (``tensor.shape[2]``).
```

- In other words, a tensor that has shape ``(w, h)`` or ``(w, h, 1)`` will be exported as a grayscale image.
- If you want to export ``RGB`` or ``RGBA`` images instead, the input tensor should have a shape ``(w, h, 3)`` or ``(w, h, 4)`` respectively.

.. note::

>     All Taichi tensors have their own datatypes, such as ``ti.u8`` and ``ti.f32``. Different datatype can make ``ti.imwrite`` have different behaviors. Please check out :ref:`gui` for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    All Taichi tensors have their own data types, such as ``ti.u8`` and ``ti.f32``. Different data types can lead to different behaviors of ``ti.imwrite``. Please check out :ref:`gui` for more details.
```

        ti.imwrite(pixels.to_numpy(), filename)
        print(f'The image has been saved to {filename}')

- ``ti.imwrite`` can export both Taichi tensors ``ti.Matrix``, ``ti.Vector`` or ``ti.var`` and numpy tensors ``np.ndarray``. 
- Same as above ``ti.GUI.show(filename)``, the image format (``png``, ``jpg`` and ``bmp``) is also controlled by the suffix of ``filename`` in ``ti.imwrite(filename)``.

> - Meanwhile, The resulted image type (``grayscale``, ``RGB``, or ``RGBA``) is determined by **the number of channels in the input tensor**, aka the length of the third dimension, i.e. ``tensor.shape[2]``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meanwhile, the resulted image type (grayscale, RGB, or RGBA) is determined by **the number of channels in the input tensor**, aka the length of the third dimension, i.e. ``tensor.shape[2]``. 
```

- For example, A tensor that has shape ``[w, h]`` or ``[w, h, 1]`` will be exported as a ``grayscale`` image.
- If you want to export ``RGB`` or ``RGBA`` images instead, the input tensor should have a shape ``[w, h, 3]`` or ``[w, h, 4]`` respectively.

.. note::
    
    A Taichi tensor can have a different datatype. Different datatype makes ``ti.imwrite`` have different behaviors.
    
    For a floating type(ti.f16, ti.f32) tensor, the pixel value on each channel of the image should be **a floating number between 0 and 1**.
    

>     For an int type (ti.u8, ti.u16, etc) tensor, the values can be arbitrary valid **integer in its own bounds of datatype**.

Reviewer: 80－82 duplicate with gui.rst? Adding a link is good enough.

Author: Yes, I thought this question when I was writing indeed.
There has been an ref of gui.rst in L84. Will it be a little verbose if I ref it again in L82? How to deal with it properly?
